hey everybody welcome Aaron lampreys
finding about the Edwards Plus we're
making good progress having good runs
and I'm not ready for apollyon yet but
I'm also not ready for Azazel you know
we haven't done an Eve eyeline like
hitting characters where we can get
multiple things done in the same run k8s
kp2 jnt just sounds like a normal it's a
normal sentence that an alien might have
as Eve we can do bath rush we can do
Sheol and we or we I guess I should say
can do the Cathedral and it should all
work out eh okay for us hey especially
now that we've guaranteed ourselves the
Whore of Babylon state by getting one of
the worst pills in the game so lets you
and I just pretend that instead of
getting a health down pill that annoys
the crap out of me what actually
happened there was we picked up a deal
with the devil where we traded one HP
for Whore of Babylon same exact criteria
however I feel so much better about it
because it's like we got something out
of it instead of just having something
removed from us with no possible
contingency we don't have it early I was
going to say the human mind but weird
how my mind works like that dude okay
first off I'm very disappointed by the
fact that we got hit there but at the
same time wait what is actually a 12 out
of 10 item for us right now I will not
pick up blister it's a garbage trinket
I'm sorry to say I hate to be the bearer
of bad news there but it really is
terrible I wish you weren't so emergency
contact IMO that's how we the internet
age say I'm merely a pining
it is uh what was I talking about there
I got so mind blooded into my joke that
I forgot to actually finish the coherent
threaded conversation of multi-threaded
my brain but one of the cores is busted
nice damage I was going to say emergency
contact something and I believe what I
was going to finish that with is the
autofill of emergency contact is sort of
overrated in my opinion like a glorified
teleport card a lot of kind of meme
cards and pills in the game I don't know
if this is necessarily one of them but I
think it's much much much more valuable
for us to hold on to two of diamonds
instead now we did kind of in in a way
we kind of screwed ourselves by
accidentally getting the halo it's
awesome that the stats upgrade and it
will be better now that we have a chance
to get ourselves back in or Babylon
Saviour thanks to a particularly
cooperative arcade that thankfully
doesn't just have a key beggar in it
which happens with more regularity than
I'd like to admit
yeah parents enjoy peers are lovely as
well this one's actually popping off I
got nothing to complain about I can't
complain about losing HP and then also
gaining HP like you just become a broken
record at that point you don't want to
get a reputation as a guy who complains
about absolutely everything when I
complain about social faux pas I want
you to know that it all outside I want
you to know that it's like it's intended
to be signed feldene it's usually a bit
do I get annoyed with people in public
it happens on occasion my number one pet
peeve in my life should tell you how a
shelter my life is but it takes us
forever to get into a lobby on the N LSS
I still to this day I don't understand
it some games are to blame but sometimes
I got to blame myself and my co-hosts
like there's only like four different
archetypes for Lobby server browser into
a join join on me send me an invite or
enter this code those are the only four
and yet it for a long time it's taken us
like eight or nine minutes to get into
any I digress at this point like I said
I mean at some point
like just grab a politician by the
scruff of their neck drag them out here
and say this is it
this scoop this is all we are that's the
famous quote from the astronaut anyway
not Buzz Aldrin there's other astronauts
I've heard what about Julie Payette
right next governor of Governor General
sorry of Canada choose an adage of
Canadian accent I don't know if anybody
else outside of Canada and those who'd
really Pietism the same so we might as
well take book of belial
and I'll give you one good reason for
that it allows us to very very easily
grab the yeah that was incredibly stupid
let's be honest but it allows us to very
very easily grab the blood bag which
allows us to get old 99 bombs it allows
us to get a speed upgrade which we may
or may not even need but why not grab it
while we have the chance right and this
way we don't ruin horror Babylon now we
don't get much out of book of a while
actually we might if we end up in the
library that only has two books here
then we got book form essentially out of
it instead we ended up on the library
with one book not quite as good so I
guess we're going to two of diamonds and
hold the Joker card the self damage is
so bad here now I will tell you
it's a good run I don't know where I was
going to go with that except for saying
it's a good run I got very little to
complain about parasitoids years is very
nice or a minute and a half ahead of
schedule with more damage than you'd
expect oh I remember what I was going to
say I was going to say that I'm not
super worried about not using two of
diamonds that effectively and that
actually just illustrated my point for
me which is that we normally as existing
blah blah blah blah especially recently
we've only been able to donate like
three cents to the donation machine
before it cracks and you know renders it
inoperable from that point forward so I
am not really worried about the fact
that we weren't able to get to 99 cents
there because of the fact that the
donation mystery machines have been
fairly uncooperative here unfortunately
for me and everybody else involved all
right
give this gone so I was just closing a
tab in the background that was probably
the worst use of wait what that I could
imagine and then we got I'm excited as a
result so it was like even worse than I
could even conceive of at first blush
but we aren't actually that stoked to
have waitwhat anymore because we already
have unlimited bonds so first off to
start dodging again this is getting a
little ridiculous but we going to Joker
it up here see if we can leverage our
existing HP it is mildly inefficient but
you know it's like you've working at the
plant for twenty years you can take some
mild inefficiencies
yeah the young pups are going to come in
and be like you know we're using speed
instead of industrial lubricant you're
going to be like look buddy this isn't
my first day in the San Fernando Valley
I know how to get the lawnmower started
if you know what I mean some kind of
gook all these guys up the benefit the
wait what is that it conceptually and
mentally kind of like removes the guilts
that I have about using bombs even when
I have ninety nine of them but that's
like a personal problem
you shouldn't suffer from that unless
you you know you're cut from the same
cloth that I am it just feels better to
use okay it just feels better to use
wait what once per room to weaken
enemies then to throw down a bomb and I
guess it's like an instant detonation no
breathing don't give an F if I cut my
arm bleeding
we got backstabber which I believe is
the first time we've had that in the
same file so it's not all for naught I
totally forgot by the way I mean I'm
going to do greed but I'm sure people
have started clamoring for it to some
extent I totally forgot that we have to
not only do green mode we have to get
our greed mode machine in ninety nine or
sorry nine hundred ninety nine cents oh
my lord is going to take forever or two
inch in recall gives us a ton of cards
right yeah thread on temperance double
of those two here a fun dude taro cloth
is so good I use the world card just to
get it out of the way but it's pretty
silly actually Wow
so we're kind of ballin out of control
here we got IV bag which actually has
some reason to use it
the big reason being that it will keep
us in the Whore of Babylon state if
that's something we're desirous of hold
on to the full card for now yeah oh I
didn't mean to buy that we got a lot of
money in the process here as well so
moving box is no good in my opinion it's
it's got a certain weirdness that I
begrudge alieve respect but I don't
think it's particularly good
wasn't there a fool card in here that
yeah there we go
and then there was a two of hearts that
we don't want it would be really nice
not on this books we already know what
this work contains would be really nice
on the next word to get a deal with the
devil because we are dangerously close
to being dangerously close to not being
able to create horror battle on we can
do it easily on this floor just by
walking back to that shop but on our
present floor we can't do jack about it
and that's a problem so the best course
of action here would be to not pick up
any red hearts which I have almost no
faith in myself to recreate but if we
can stick to that ideology we should be
fine otherwise we could find ourselves
in the same shoes that we were in on the
last run and if you're going what's
wrong with the last run you got to win
you need to go back and watch that run
more closely because we were really
really suffering from a damage
standpoint but to be fair simple we'll
save that as a problem for later you
guys on that song save it for later I
think this song by building which we
save it like it's not only used in
spider-man homecoming but I believe also
possibly in Dumb and Dumber give me a
second year let's do a test here
dumb and dumber save it for later
[Music]
soundtrack
I'm just going here two feet of butt
crack performed by circle the Wagen I
don't think that's it
oh yeah it's from another movie like
another Farrelly Brothers movie anyway
I'm not look I only brought it up
because I thought that I was going to
make myself seem more intelligent by
remembering what movie it was from but
it doesn't matter that much I'm telling
you it's a fairly brothers movie I don't
think it's the I don't think it's just
something about Mary that's all Jonathan
Richman friends would say so Pliner
forgets not stuck on you and my oleate
you got it you got a let me check I'm
sorry that's very self-indulgent I mean
what do you mean you gotta let me check
let's do it stop me kingpin soundtrack
kingpin soundtrack
[Music]
save it for later by the English beat
you see I don't think that I have a
special frame what I do think is that I
understand the ins and outs of my brain
I understand that deep within it is
locked some information and I for
whatever reason have conceived of the
tools to get it out I got my mind palace
it is a fairly brothers movie it's not
something about married woody harrelson
probably you know one of his top 20
roles where he rose he's one of those
guys who said it deceptively maybe not
even deceptively but a nice career with
a lot of critical successes the new
Planet of the Apes films Zombieland
you might turn up your nose at
Zombieland a little bit because it's got
a bit of a silly subject matter but it's
just a funny movie is what it really
comes down to and then you know recently
the edge of seventeen don't forget about
No Country for Old Men the People vs
Larry Flynt he was on shears Seven
Psychopaths he's been a lot of great
things and this is like you know
excluding kingpin which some people will
do in some people whoa I got to stop
I got a sawfish spot for kingpin it's
not like I don't think it's a nine out
of ten movie again there is a moment in
that and I've talked about this on the
LSS but it bears repeating now he's on a
farm with a bunch of Amish people and he
shows everyone's like where's Rowley and
then I don't know we went out early this
morning to do some farm work and then
comes back and he's got a milk mustache
and a big bucket full of white fluid and
they go he goes like whoo you know tough
to find the otter but once it got going
it just didn't stop and then they're
like what are you talking about and he's
like well I just got finished milking
your towel and they go we don't have a
cow we have a bowl and as a kid I was
like that's funny just this idiot
accidentally like did a you know seed
extraction from a from a cow from a bowl
of thinking of as a cow it's not milk at
all and out of the same variety that you
were looking for at least as an adult I
was like this has troubling implications
it means that Woody Harrelson's
character is actually like he should not
be able to live by himself out in public
you're telling me you can't identify the
difference between a cow and a bull
based on there's like literal sexual
organs strikes me as being a little bit
of a stretch for the joke plus I don't
want to ask but how did you get a whole
bucket he had like a glassful I might
understand but a whole bucket is a
little stretching that and people go oh
it's just a silly movie NL yeah okay but
they like set up the joke they didn't
just go hey your breath smells like you
know semen they set up the joke is if
there was like a logical progression
that made sense that this actually
happened which is why I call it into
question if they just said wouldn't it
be funny if he thought a bull was a cow
I wouldn't come at it on the same level
here but when you go for this set up and
you it's like when somebody tells you a
joke and it just goes on and it's like a
Norman Ahnold joke like it just goes on
and on and on through the opening
segment and you're waiting for the
punchline and then the punchline is the
fact that you tolerated the joke in the
first place
I'm not against that style if you but I
don't think that's what they were going
for nothing nothing I shouldn't say this
is nothing you never know if it was
nothing what we did you know what out of
all that we got two-spirit arts I'm
feeling good about that I do wonder how
I remember that kingpin scene I don't I
can't even picture the moment that it's
in in the movie in my head when I hear
when I heard say the phone later all I
could think of for some reason was like
them being in a car no I totally
remembered there is a time where they're
driving and they're teaching the Amish
guy had it's a montage as they make
their road trip to Reno Nevada to win a
million dollars in those bowling
tournament against Bill Murray's
masterful turn as Ernie McCracken
history's greatest monster that's when
they play the montage
I totally recall now because if it's
never left my mind palace I'm going to
ask you I'm coming at this from an
honest perspective do you guys think
Darren Brown is a charlatan to some
extent here's where I'm coming at this
from okay and I'm seeing a lot of Darren
brown content is a British quote-unquote
Mentalist definitely magician I don't
think that he's a liar is what I'm
trying to get at I suppose but I think
that a lot of his tricks might be doing
and I don't know this for sure but might
be doing the very thing that he tells
you to be warned against because he's in
all of his series he want you to be
skeptical right he's always like you
know here's how people do like cold
reading to make themselves seem like
they're psychics I'm going to take
monsters too because we have so many
bombs like wait what is just meaningless
places and you know you're here's some
tricks that people can pull to kind of
make themselves subdue confidence tricks
on you basically but I sort of think
that he might be doing the same thing in
a lot of his sketches that's just a
moving box again
like for example there is a sketch in
which he supposedly in sets people
before incepting people was even that
thing with the idea to rob a bank and
then he plays like a musical cue and
gets them all to rob a bank and then
after it they're like oh man I don't
know what happened I don't know what
came over me I just felt an overwhelming
desire to rob the bank I'm not claiming
that necessarily you know hypnosis is
false the hypnosis is you know heavily
influenced by the power of suggestion
and how suggestible you are or even want
to be
that's my lay person's perspective at
least but that strikes me as TV magic
that's that's editing right I will take
this my actual favorite Darren brown
clip is one where he plays like 13
masters in chess at the same time and
for anybody all we picked up red house
for anybody who's not familiar being a
simultaneous chess player is very
difficult because it's not just about
like it takes mental processing power to
look at a board you know remember the
state of the board or reacquire the
state of the board and then you know oh
this is what my plan was here like chess
is all about adapting but also long-term
planning and execution so it's very
impressive to play thirteen strong chess
players and come away with a winning
record is incredible but anyway he plays
thirteen or nine or something the number
is important chess players at the same
time and he comes away with a winning
record while the 50% record I think if I
remember correctly has been like 10
years since I see eight but he like wins
half or like 48 percent loses 48 percent
let me rephrase this because I'm
confusing myself here he wins like seven
games and loses six games
to come away with the winning record and
what he did at least what he claimed he
did was he just remembered the moves
that the person used against him when he
gets around to that side of the table so
you know he starts by playing black on
like the first six boards or something
like that and then he makes a move
remembers what they did for their move
his white and essentially he just copies
that move when he gets to the exact
other side of the circle on which he's
playing so he's basically I'm explaining
it poorly but basically he's serving as
a vessel for six chess players to play
six more chess players and then the
seventh guy or the the thirteenth guy I
guess he just has to be which is
impressive enough in its own right so
you try to I guess put the weaker player
there again I think there might be a
little bit of a movie magic there but I
found that clever although I guess it
only works once start looking at the the
notation after the game and be like uh
this looks very similar that's that's a
cool trick I like that but the stuff
where you like that the bank-robbery one
was like some Criss Angel stuff I'm not
saying it's necessarily impossible but I
I am a disbeliever that could be wrong
but I think you know it's like he's
telling people to watch out for these
tricks I think it's well within his
rights to also sneak in a trick like
that or something to see if you're
actually listening and paying attention
or if you're just you know watching the
show because you think he's a real smart
dude you know but it would it would be
the ultimate betrayal like you ever walk
into a lecture or a class oh my god
really all you have to do is give me one
more plate and then you know your
professor goes like everybody knows that
fact is fact right and everyone looks
around they sort of nod at the other
classmates and they go yeah and then the
teacher goes well everybody's wrong
you're like what is this what higher
education is like no doesn't everybody
have that anecdote of like their teacher
in a grade I don't know what grade for
you but sixth grade for me and did
really happened to me and my sixth grade
teacher was kind of a dick so it's like
the perfect segue here or the perfect
believable story at least he gave us
that classic test where it's like you
know you goes everybody read until the
final questions make sure you read the
entire test before you take it okay and
then of course very few people read the
entire test before they take it so you
finished the test and then you get to
the end and the final question is if you
read this first before doing any
questions just put up your hand I'll
come grab your tests and give you a 100%
you know it's supposed to be like we
should always read the instructions I
hate that lesson let's do it like this I
have a university degree I did extremely
well in high school that's so well in
college but you know distractions yeah
we'll take the mom's legs here and I'm
working on other credentials here in an
unrelated field going well is going just
fine I've never read the entire test or
exam before I take it like if that
lesson was supposed to have any kind of
enduring legacy except for my teacher
cannot be trusted anymore I don't know
what it is it has only been relevant in
that one circumstance to read the entire
test before you write is that you're
never by the way and this is the story I
do not have a real anecdote for but
everybody is always like oh yeah in my
philosophy 101 class and university the
final exam was just one question and it
said why did that happen to you like
congratulations on living in like a
movie but I'm skeptical is all I'm
saying
I never had to happen you know every
every exam or test I ever act at that
point was like remember called
Bernoulli's principle and how do the
nephrons feed uric acid into the kidneys
it for filtration you know like didn't
get a biology exam it was just like
young describe how circulation works in
as great or vague detail as you'd like
certainly never had an exam where I got
to the final page and then it said
congratulations we're going to give you
a 100% on this test despite you not
knowing everything simply because you
read through the entire thing
you know to begin with now writing your
name on the test
that's like of course if you're not
doing that you gotta you got to build
that habit because you are going to get
zeroes for that but obviously it's not
necessarily a useless skill but what
information are you hoping to glean by
reading the entire exam mule is before
you take any part of it the only reason
I ever have done that is to see if
there's a trick question at the end it's
like the ultimate self propagating
defense it's like you know a virus that
exists solely to self-replicate
AKL viruses but I just don't I don't
respect that lesson I would never as a
teacher give my children that lesson him
you know like 99% of my teachers around
the level with me they're just one dude
thought he was being real clever the
same teacher that gave us a lesson that
I actually think is very smart he just
did it at the wrong time he gave us an
assignment and this is another very
common one that was like all right write
the instructions for how you put your
shoes on and you'd be like well you take
your foot you put it in the shoe and
then you tie it up and he would be like
okay I'm going to follow your steps
exactly to the letter I'll be like okay
I took my shoe I put my foot in and you
put it on like backwards so you put it
on the wrong foot at least any be like
no no you have to put it on the right
foot and slowly you would like debug
what is essentially an algorithm for us
for putting your shoes on and then tying
them up I always wanted like as a kid I
thought that lesson was genius and as I
got older when he came up with the
algorithm I always wanted to be like oh
but what do you mean take the lace with
my left hand you oh you mean you want me
to use my muscles by sending a signal
from my brain to shorten the tendon in
my you know the metatarsal tendon I
think that's on your foot actually you
get the idea is like if it's just a
lesson in being pedantic sign me up
because I can be put down
antek was the best time buddy but in all
seriousness that's a stupid lesson I
actually think it's sort of actually
useful but not useful for a class full
of sixth grade kids it's really useful
for like introductions of programming
101 for explaining how stupid computers
are because computers are incredibly
powerful but they'll just do exactly
what you tell them and if you try to at
least in most languages if you try to I
mean even that's an understatement I'm
not going to get into it necessarily but
a lot of compilers are very very smart
and will correct your errors for you
like in lining and stuff like that
automatically but anyway I digress
the point is for the most part at least
on an early level computer is going to
do exactly what you tell it so that
could be an illustrative lesson or your
teacher goes like and this is how you
got to write your program but instead
our sixth-grade teacher just did it and
was like oh I'm smarter than you because
he was an idiot and I made him anyway
hope you're watching this I hope you're
a better person now that's really all it
comes down to is get down here I don't
hate him because it was a disciplinarian
he was just a jerk when you're 12 you
know who would jerk is right you might
also think you might get some false
positives from time to time but looking
back if it was just good I'm sure
anyway let us go wow we somehow did not
get hit there we won't have the chest on
lock either way so really the world's
our oyster where we choose where to
finish this run I'll just be straight up
with you I don't really want to do the
hush fight with a damage this run is a
little bit better suit I mean five rate
of fire is good and the shots are
piercing but that doesn't matter for the
hush fight so doesn't matter much Aziz
we were more well suited to a Cathedral
run it's a good item we're more well
suited to a Cathedral run but that could
change you know we're on the room too
it's probably not going to change uh
we'll think about it we do have 73 cents
that could change the game a little bit
and knocking out the hush fight means we
don't have to do the hush fight which is
nice for me now it means that we've
knocked something off the to-do list
that might have been somewhat difficult
but we got it taken care of so yeah
maybe we'll give it a shot I've kind of
talked myself into it
I'm trying to think of this any other
like boilerplate lessons that always
happen in school or at least schools and
TV shows and movies but I can't take of
them right now
you know what's like the most thankless
job in the world and there's probably
people out there watching this video
that are doing this so I want you to
know that I mean this from a place of
sincerity it's already pretty thankless
to be like a high school teacher to some
extent I imagine there's a lot of you
know value you can derive from the job
seeing seeing good students you know
excel and exceed and enter the next
stage of their life etc etc but you know
there's also like still like a quarter
your job at daycare that sucks
but what I was going to say is
substitute teaching it's actually like
so much worse because it's almost like
you know when you're a high school
teacher you're like a prison guard and
you've built up like a a certain
familiarity with the inmates and if
you're in high school right now you're
going to be like well that's very
offensive to consider as inmates I like
to consider us collaborators when it
comes to you know pursuing an
educational goal yeah that's fine you
know you sound like a good egg you know
what you don't understand is that after
they teach your class AP Computer
Science for people that are going to
make 10 times more money than the
teacher every year for the rest of their
life they go and they teach you know
knife sharpening skills to criminals you
know we're not that's not really a good
way to look at it but you know they they
can teach them unruly classes what I'm
trying to say I'm sure that's got its
own pluses and minuses but you know it's
substitute
teacher doesn't have that built up level
of familiarity and they don't get that
assumed level of respect that they've
earned from the students instead there's
like a you know there's a theme of
messing with substitute teachers that
even as a child you're gonna think I'm
being a holier-than-thou even as a kid I
did not get it you know there was one a
substitute teacher that very frequently
came to our school district and I'm just
going to be honest she was not very good
at her job
and that's like not really okay but that
doesn't mean that people should have
treated the way they did like we had a
class that was on the first floor of the
high school and then like we would call
them I say we I'm being sincere I was
kind of like a I was a goody two-shoes
so I didn't do this but there were
people in the class they'd sit there for
attendance so they were counted as
having you know been present in the
class and then they would just open the
window and just walk out of the
classroom when the teachers back was
crying so when she turned back around
they wouldn't be there but then she
doesn't remember their names
and nobody knocked on so you know that
she just sort of was like okay keep
teaching that's a blow to your ego right
you know they're getting away with
something they wouldn't otherwise be
able to get away with what she's
supposed to do you know disrupt the
whole class put herself on blast one of
my students escaped from the classroom
principal can you come here I don't know
maybe that would have been a better
option but substitute teaching is a
tough job I got mad respect for those of
you out there doing that grind
especially cuz that's like a tryout for
for real teaching right but teaching is
like the noble goal
did people always get on there well not
always a lot of people really respect
teaching at the job but a lot of people
are like well I wish I had a job that
gave me the whole summer off you ever
hear a youtuber a twitch streamers say
that just punch them raise where it
hurts
that's right the twitch prime
subscriptions which you can use right
now and switch out BD / online in case
you haven't already that's that's
tone-deaf dude come on you're making the
rest of us look bad it's a combination
like taxpayer-funded daycare and free
intelligence boost
these people are you know they're
spending like more time with your kids
than you are getting paid peanuts and
then everyone goes all you know you get
so much vacation time and also you know
your unions too powerful not okay have
some compassion
the majority of adults work primarily
with adults ask them how they feel about
their co-workers all jennifer is so
stupid it's like has she ever use
Microsoft Excel before now take Jennifer
and then imagine that she's 15 so she's
stupid and you know I don't want to say
Jennifer scooped I've never met her
she's an object made up for the purpose
so you don't mean that she's an object
that just we met with she is a tool used
for a purpose in this analogy anyway
we're going to totally win here take any
of your co-workers and have their age
unless they're a hundred it's not going
to make them any easier to deal with and
even then I think you've got to give
respect to the hundred year old man he's
out there doing some some stuff that
ain't never been seen before if I went
to Dairy Queen and there was a 100 year
old man making my Blizzard take as long
as you want
you're a credit to human biology I mean
that with the utmost sincerity
anyway I'm just marketing to my large
teacher demographic
I appreciate what you do which is why I
haven't had kids yet done I want to make
your life any harder
you the other one that bugs me is like
this well we pay their salary everybody
pays everybody's salary I hate that
lines if people use it for like teachers
and police well I love you pay your
salary your salaries taxpayer-funded
everybody plays everybody's salary where
you buy like a can of coke once a year
we go into the CEO of coca-cola pay your
salary
everybody is supported oh we can
actually go to the cathedral now let's
do it
one day will do boy it again the thing
I've had people tweet me in their like
oh you know I I don't I wouldn't feel
comfortable working in a job that's
taxpayer funded everything is funded by
the taxpayer it's just whether or not
you're being funded by tax money's got
to come from somewhere
what are you working a magical money
factory that nobody nobody pays you and
then somehow you get paid I'd be
surprised I mean like if you're ever a
customer of anything if you pull out
that you know I pay your salary line
just hit him where it hurts that's right
to twitch Prime subscription it's not
the way the business works that's like
the business the way that economics in
our society is supposed to work you get
bad product to bad service or bad price
you can get better stuff elsewhere you
just don't go there anymore and then
their business suffers proportionally as
a result it's like you know what you're
doing is if you ever say like I pay your
salary I demand to be treated well is
you're going into the bank with a gun
and go and give me your money you're
upsetting the dynamics that we've fought
and agreed upon for your own personal
benefit I don't respect that the
somewhat ironically the only people that
think that are subject to that in a
valid way are like youtubers and twitch
streams if the problem is that I pay
your salary is like automatically as
soon as you say that you're in the wrong
it's like pulling it don't you know who
I am sort of thing at the airport it's
never going to work out even if they
should know who you are and they're
treating you badly
like if they handed you your suitcase
and it clearly
then shot like it was riddled with
bullet holes and you were like don't you
know who I am people would be like I
gotta side with the airline on this one
George Clooney seems like he's being a
little bit of a petite jerk right now
you know I I'm my programming is to some
extent dictated by fan input if anyone
was ever like hey I pay your salary
bring back you know Flint hook I'd be
like I don't know I'm asking for a range
but it's still something worth
considering are we going into Chester we
just did not gonna have the cathedral
thank God because I was taking so much
stupid damage there
Eva's bird footage here in the basement
hello Ruka like a dog chasing his tail
man you don't know what you going to do
with it and you get it good good
comeback hey for now thanks for watching
up you guys can do it the episode of
easy click the like button else have a
great deal of course subscribe if you
wanna see more on the future but for now
thanks for watching and I will see you
next time